h1. Silk Help Generator

The Silk Help Generator is a help parser, similar to JavaDoc, for generating documentation on 4Test functions and methods. 
The Silk Help Generator "was written":http://www.qadownloads.com/Segue/more2.html by David Genrich using the 4Test launguage. 

It`s improved and adapted version for AutoTest department ISD company.
General purpose: Simple overview of existing code, making searchable html-presentation and printable documentation.

h2. Feature List

*	All types of code coverage with navigation possibility.
*	Generates web-based API documentation
*	Dynamic search (JavaScript/AJAX).
*	Hierarchic tree-view showing internal structure.
*	Various types of statistics (authors, methods, functions, etc.).
*	Code view possibility with dynamic navigation elements.
*	Can work with trunk and variant
*	Generates code for the Segue Library Browser
*	Can work with a single or multiple projects
*	Validates the help syntax based on the rules required for the Segue Library Browser

h2. Installation

There are two installation requirements:
* The first is to set a Run Time Compiler constant 'SilkDir' which points to the root of your automation code.  
* The second is to set a new location for the Library Browser file.

h2. Help Syntax

Add comment before method or function

<pre>
//Method: INTEGER MethodName (STRING f_sParam, INTEGER f_iParam)
  // Description: Create required amount of visits in Soft AR through SQL queries. 
  // Group: group name
  // Class: class name
  // Author: author name
  // Arguments:
  //    f_sParam    :   desription of f_sParam
  //    f_iParam    :   desription of f_iParam
  // Note:
  //    some notes
  // Example:
  //    some example
  // Return:
  //    value   :   description
  // Generated exceptions:
  //    some exceptions
</pre>

You can use: @//Function: INTEGER Function ()@ for functions

h2. Running the Silk Help Generator

#	Open the Silk Help Generator testcase: {SilkDir}\silk_help_generator\SilkHelp.t
# Select Run | Run to start the generator

h2. Used Languages / Technologies:

*	SilkTest
* HTML/CSS
* JavaScript
* AJAX

h2. P.S.

Sorry for so dirty code. I was writting it on the fly, so it isn't very clean. Plus, I kept adding requirements and features as I was writing it.
